{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Many of the graphics in Ultima III come from this folder, in the form of Tiles, Mask, Mini, Font, and UI.  Ultima III's default choice is "Standard", but will make available in its Preferences any Tiles found in this folder.  Everything other than Tiles is optional.  Pretty much any image format is acceptable.  It will take advantage of higher resolution files when possible.\
_______________________\
\

\b Tiles
\b0 : The regular game graphics, arranged 16 tiles tall by 12 tiles wide.  Any resolution is fine, though the native game tile resolution is 32x32 or 64x64 pixels in windowed modes.\
\

\b Mask
\b0 : Transparency for tiles. Black is opaque, white is transparent, and shades of grey are partially transparent. Lack of an accompanying mask file means no transparency masking will be used.\
\

\b Mini
\b0 : Little tiles for drawing "peer at gem" maps.  Lack of a Mini file accompanying your Tiles means that the full-size tiles will be shrunken down for mapping use.\
\

\b Font
\b0 : The text in "Classic" appearance.  Has no bearing on normal appearance.\
\

\b UI
\b0 : Borders, text cursor, dungeon mapping, and moon phase images appear here.  Lack of a UI file means the Standard one will be used.\
_______________________\
\
All of the standard types of monster appear in Tiles files as listed below.  For monster types which have variants, the pairs of variants appear on the far right of the tiles image in the order listed.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Standard types:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 Thief\
Orc\
Skeleton\
Giant\
Daemon\
Pincher\
Dragon\
Balron\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Variants:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 Brigand\
Cutpurse\
\
Goblin\
Troll\
\
Ghoul\
Zombie\
\
Golem\
Titan\
\
Gargoyle\
Mane\
\
Snatch\
Bradle\
\
Griffon\
Wyvern\
\
Orcus\
Devil\
}